README.md, before:

Armatus
=====

Armatus is a project of the <a href="http://www.ittc.ku.edu/csdl/fpg/index.html">Functional Programming Group</a> at the University of Kansas. Armatus aims to bring the <a href="http://www.ittc.ku.edu/csdl/fpg/software/hermit.html">HERMIT</a> project to Android devices (specifically, tablet interfaces). The full project description can be read <a href="http://www.ittc.ku.edu/view_project.phtml?id=438">here</a>.

Summary
-----
The HERMIT project allows for high-assurance Haskell development in a command-line setting. Armatus aims to bring a graphical interface to HERMIT using the Android operating system. Instead of porting HERMIT to Android—a very daunting task, as that would require making Haskell work on the Dalvik virtual machine—Armatus grants users HERMIT functionality by communicating with a remote server that runs HERMIT.

Android app
-----
The Armatus Android app enhances HERMIT through graphical shortcuts such as draggable command icons, an interactive command history menu, context-aware entry selection, rearrangment of words in an entry, and finger gestures. For more information, visit the features (TODO) page on the wiki.

The Armatus app was designed to work on the Nexus 7, but in theory, it should run on any Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean) device. Armatus can also be used to launch the <a href="https://github.com/jackpal/Android-Terminal-Emulator">Android Terminal Emulator</a> (<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jackpal.androidterm">download</a>), but this is optional and not an integral part of Armatus. 

RESTful server
-----
TODO: fill in details

Software used
-----
—<a href="http://www.cosmix.org/software/">Droid Sans Mono</a> (w/ dotted zero) copyright Ascender Corp. under the Apache License, modified by <a href="http://www.cosmix.org">cosmix.org</a>

—<a href="http://code.google.com/p/guava-libraries/">Guava</a> by Google under the Apache License 2.0

—<a href="https://github.com/RyanGlScott/AsyncActivityTask">AsyncActivityTask</a>, a modification of <a href="https://github.com/callorico/CustomAsyncTask">CustomAsyncTask</a> by <a href="https://github.com/callorico">Ryan "callorico" Kaneshiro</a>.

—<a href="https://github.com/jfeinstein10/SlidingMenu">SlidingMenu</a> by <a href="https://github.com/jfeinstein10">Jeremy "jfeinstein10" Feinstein</a> under the Apache License 2.0

—<a href="http://code.google.com/p/tree-view-list-android/">tree-view-list-android</a> by <a href="http://code.google.com/u/109485687940011053436/">Jarek Potiuk</a> under the New BSD License

—<a href="https://github.com/SimonVT/android-numberpicker">android-numberpicker</a> (a backport of <a href="http://developer.android.com/reference/android/widget/NumberPicker.html">NumberPicker</a> class from th Android 4.2 API) by <a href="https://github.com/SimonVT">Simon Vig "SimonVT" Therkildsen</a> under the Apache License 2.0

—<a href="https://github.com/iPaulPro/aFileChooser">aFileChooser</a> by <a href="https://github.com/iPaulPro">Paul "iPaulPro" Burke</a> under the Apache License 2.0

—<a href="https://github.com/jackpal/Android-Terminal-Emulator">Android Terminal Emulator</a> by <a href="https://github.com/jackpal">Jack "jackpal" Palevich</a> under the Apache Licence 2.0

Commit message:

We only need the radial-menu JAR; deleted unneeded library dependency

README.md, after:

Armatus
=====

Armatus is a project of the <a href="http://www.ittc.ku.edu/csdl/fpg/index.html">Functional Programming Group</a> at the University of Kansas. Armatus aims to bring the <a href="http://www.ittc.ku.edu/csdl/fpg/software/hermit.html">HERMIT</a> project to Android devices (specifically, tablet interfaces). The full project description can be read <a href="http://www.ittc.ku.edu/view_project.phtml?id=438">here</a>.

Summary
-----
The HERMIT project allows for high-assurance Haskell development in a command-line setting. Armatus aims to bring a graphical interface to HERMIT using the Android operating system. Instead of porting HERMIT to Android—a very daunting task, as that would require making Haskell work on the Dalvik virtual machine—Armatus grants users HERMIT functionality by communicating with a remote server that runs HERMIT.

Android app
-----
The Armatus Android app enhances HERMIT through graphical shortcuts such as draggable command icons, an interactive command history menu, context-aware entry selection, rearrangment of words in an entry, and finger gestures. For more information, visit the features (TODO) page on the wiki.

The Armatus app was designed to work on the Nexus 7, but in theory, it should run on any Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean) device. Armatus can also be used to launch the <a href="https://github.com/jackpal/Android-Terminal-Emulator">Android Terminal Emulator</a> (<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jackpal.androidterm">download</a>), but this is optional and not an integral part of Armatus. 

RESTful server
-----
TODO: fill in details

Software used
-----
—<a href="http://www.cosmix.org/software/">Droid Sans Mono</a> (w/ dotted zero) copyright Ascender Corp. under the Apache License, modified by <a href="http://www.cosmix.org">cosmix.org</a>

—<a href="http://code.google.com/p/guava-libraries/">Guava</a> by Google under the Apache License 2.0

—<a href="https://github.com/RyanGlScott/AsyncActivityTask">AsyncActivityTask</a>, a modification of <a href="https://github.com/callorico/CustomAsyncTask">CustomAsyncTask</a> by <a href="https://github.com/callorico">Ryan "callorico" Kaneshiro</a>.

—<a href="https://github.com/jfeinstein10/SlidingMenu">SlidingMenu</a> by <a href="https://github.com/jfeinstein10">Jeremy "jfeinstein10" Feinstein</a> under the Apache License 2.0

—<a href="http://code.google.com/p/tree-view-list-android/">tree-view-list-android</a> by <a href="http://code.google.com/u/109485687940011053436/">Jarek Potiuk</a> under the New BSD License

—<a href="https://github.com/SimonVT/android-numberpicker">android-numberpicker</a> (a backport of <a href="http://developer.android.com/reference/android/widget/NumberPicker.html">NumberPicker</a> class from th Android 4.2 API) by <a href="https://github.com/SimonVT">Simon Vig "SimonVT" Therkildsen</a> under the Apache License 2.0

—<a href="http://code.google.com/p/radial-menu-widget/">radial-menu-widget</a> by <a href="http://code.google.com/u/102658065252479412870/">Jason "valestin" Valestin</a> under the New BSD License

—<a href="https://github.com/iPaulPro/aFileChooser">aFileChooser</a> by <a href="https://github.com/iPaulPro">Paul "iPaulPro" Burke</a> under the Apache License 2.0

—<a href="https://github.com/jackpal/Android-Terminal-Emulator">Android Terminal Emulator</a> by <a href="https://github.com/jackpal">Jack "jackpal" Palevich</a> under the Apache Licence 2.0
